
2.6
	Added drag and drop files.

2.5
	Changed superuser glyph to an open padlock to keep it uniform with icons.
	Enabled killing processes as the super user.
    Reworked authentication system so that it is a single authenticator to prevent repeated
    auth requests.

2.4
	Added a force eject option.
	Added pause/unpause process buttons.
	Added an "Actions" menu to make accessing the features simpler and to
	aid in keeping the toolbar clean.

2.3
	Preferences are now a sheet instead of a new window.
	Added paypal donation menu item.
	Added a toolbar button to enable/disable super user.
	Cleaned up root/administrative/super user terminology in help files.
	Help file redesign by BraynB (Thanks!).
	Finished icon update.
	Sort code cleanup to allow adding columns more smoothly.
	Added the ability to hide/show columns one by one.
	Added some error checking to the bug/idea submission window.

2.2
	Fixed a bug in the ideas submission window where it wasn't prefilling values.
	Re-labled some buttons
	Updated some of the icons with more polished LGPL ones

2.1
	Added IPv4 sockets
	Added file type filtering

1.10
	Added CPU Time field.
	Fixed tooltips to not display a default string.

1.9
	Added help files for the Google screen and the App Doc screen.
	Removed the right and left window bordering.
	Added new icons for the remaining stock black/white icons.

1.8
	Added a suggest/bug reporting feature.
	Added root level lsof to list all files.
	Added a username column to the main table view.
	Added a username pull down search button.
	Added toolbar customization.
	Searching now includes username.
	Search box will now just filter in place.
	Added confirmation when killing applications.
	Fixed a bug that would prevent the first row application from being killable.
	Added man pages and google lookup for applications.

1.7
	New program icon. 
	Added help to the program.

1.6
	Created an icon for the program.
	
1.5
	Reworked searching so it can be done in place without reloading the file list. (Much faster)
	Added colume sorting, reordering, and possitional saving.
	Added automatic disk detection so new devices (or removed devices) change the volumes
	popup properly.

1.4
	Version bump to finalize sparkle addition.

1.3
	Version bump to test sparkle's xml feed.

1.2
	Added a volume sort option to limit visibile files to those
	from a specific volume.
	Added Sparkle interface for updates.

1.1
	Added copy/paste features.
	Show in finder properly selects the item now.
	Added a right click menu for function access.
	
1.0
	Initial Release




